Add StaticList to lab (#4194)
jpmorganchase/salt-ds: site/docs/components/static-list/examples.mdx

---
title:
  $ref: ./#/title
layout: DetailComponent
sidebar:
  exclude: true
data:
  $ref: ./#/data
---

<LivePreviewControls>

  <LivePreview componentName="static-list" exampleName="Multiple" >

> ## Multiple

Reviewer: Is this name correct still?

Reviewer 2: Wondering if "Default" describes better the example rather than using "Multiple".

The default `Static list` allows users to show non-interactive list items.

  </LivePreview>

  <LivePreview componentName="static-list" exampleName="ComplexLabel" >

## Complex label

> For complex labels, you can add additional elements to the static content inside `StaticListItemContent` to provide further context or descriptions for each list item.

Reviewer 3: List content component seems still a little hard to justify with some examples with only one text in them

Author: removed the wrapper for the simple example and moved this to a note that says you can wrap if you need to ensure spacing is correct when using icons and buttons

> You can supply static content inside `StaticListItemContent`. This can be used to visually assist users, for example rendering a description for the option as seen in this example.

Author: ```suggestion
For complex labels, you can add additional elements to the static content inside `StaticListItemContent` to provide further context or descriptions for each list item.
```
@joshwooding does this sound good?

Reviewer: Hey, it reads much better thanks

  </LivePreview>

  <LivePreview componentName="static-list" exampleName="WithIcons" >

## With icons

[`Icons`](/salt/components/icon) can be used to help users quickly identify the related contents inside the `StaticListItem`.

### Best practices

> - Icons should be displayed before a labels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Icons should be displayed before labels.
```

> - Icons should be displayed before a static list item labels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Icons should be displayed before labels.
```

- Use icons consistently across all static list items within the same group.

</LivePreview>

  <LivePreview componentName="static-list" exampleName="WithButtons" >

## With buttons

> You can use [`Button`](/salt/components/button) to allow custom interactivity/actions within the `StaticListItem`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use [`Button`](/salt/components/button) to add actions to the `StaticListItem`s.
```

---
title:
  $ref: ./#/title
layout: DetailComponent
sidebar:
  exclude: true
data:
  $ref: ./#/data
---

<LivePreviewControls>

  <LivePreview componentName="static-list" exampleName="Default" >

## Default

The default `Static list` allows users to show non-interactive list items.

  </LivePreview>

  <LivePreview componentName="static-list" exampleName="ComplexLabel" >

## Complex label

For complex labels, you can add additional elements to provide further context or descriptions for each list item.

**Note:** To ensure correct spacing when using buttons or icons, wrap your static content inside `StaticListItemContent`.

  </LivePreview>

  <LivePreview componentName="static-list" exampleName="WithIcons" >

## With icons

[`Icons`](/salt/components/icon) can be used to help users quickly identify the related contents inside the `StaticListItem`.

### Best practices

- Icons should be displayed before labels.
- Use icons consistently across all static list items within the same group.

</LivePreview>

  <LivePreview componentName="static-list" exampleName="WithButtons" >

## With buttons

> You can use [`Button`](/salt/components/button) to add actions to the `StaticListItem`s.

Reviewer: We should mention the a11y requirements

  </LivePreview>

  <LivePreview componentName="static-list" exampleName="WithDividers" >

## With dividers

> You can separate the list of `StaticListItems` by adding a [`Divider`](../divider) component between items.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can separate the list of `StaticListItem`s by adding a [`Divider`](../divider) component between items.
```

You can use [`Button`](/salt/components/button) to add actions to the `StaticListItem`s.

> **Note:** Buttons should have an `aria-label` and `aria-labelledby` attributes to describes the action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** Buttons should be associated to the list item content using `aria-label` or `aria-labelledby`.
```
